[narrator] During
the second half,
Team Meiwa became
more aggressive.
Thanks to Kojiro's
determination,
Team Meiwa managed
to tie the match.
All of Team Nankatsu
switched to defense
to prevent Kojiro
from shooting to the goal.
Finally,
Misaki the genius,
Nankatsu's number 11,
recovered from his injury
and came back
into the pitch
to help out his team.
You're back, Misaki!
Calm down, Tsubasa.
I know what I have to do.
Huh?
I'll go get the ball
for you,
I promise you that!
[narrator] This is
the last opportunity
for Tsubasa and Nankatsu.
You can do it, Misaki!
We're all counting on you,
Misaki.
We know that
you'll play great.
Are you really sure
about this coach?
You're forgetting that
this is Taro's last match
with us.
He'll have to change
schools after.
We can't deny him
this chance.
Uh...
Yeah, it's just that...
[Shiroyama] This moment
means everything
to young Misaki right now.
Despite his leg injury,
he doesn't want to be
a burden to his team.
He's set his mind on
leaving everything
on the pitch.
Cheer up, we have to pass
the ball to the captain
no matter what happens.
Here.
[panting]
[Takeshi]
Taro!
[panting]
My son...
[Tsubasa]
Incredible...
He's injured just like me...
and despite that,
he wants to keep playing
'till the end.
Thank you, Taro.
I won't give up either.
I promise you.
I'm going to score
that goal!
-[narrator] Episode 25:
-Did you see that?!
- Blazing Counter Attack.
-Whoa!
[announcer]
Sawada from Team Meiwa
- tries to make a cross
-Come on,
- for his captain, but Misaki
-you can do it!
- has him well covered.
-You can do it!
[grunting]
Misaki!
[announcer] Sawada
can't get past Misaki.
He'll have to
think of something
if he wants to
break through
Nankatsu's
incredible barrier.
[Takeshi]
It's my fault.
Misaki got injured
because of me.
But it wasn't on purpose.
That's just how soccer is!
[grunting]
[announcer] Sawada tries
to fool him again.
[grunt]
[announcer] And he does
get past him
- with a one-two pass.
-[Taro] This can't happen.
[panting]
I have to cover Hyuga.
[Takeshi]
All right then...
Now I just have to get
the ball to Hyuga
so he can shoot it.
[panting]
Score, Captain!
Do it for the team.
[grunt]
No!
Good pass, Takeshi.
[grunts]
[announcer]
Misaki anticipates it and
- intercepts Sawada's pass.
-You little twerp!
But the ball
is still in play.
It went flying up
in the air.
- What will they do?
-It's mine!
[grunt]
That's what you think.
[announcer] Kojiro Hyuga
hits a header.
[grunting]
[announcer] Ooh,
but that's not a problem
for the star goalie,
Genzo Wakabayashi,
as he rejects it
with ease.
[grunt]
[gasp]
It's my opportunity.
[wince]
Tsubasa!
[announcer] Misaki
gets the ball back
and sends a long pass,
using his injured leg.
[gasps]
[announcer] Now the ball is unde
the possession
of Nankatsu's captain.
Thank you, Taro.
[announcer] Tsubasa advances
by himself
with no one covering him.
He's in the right spot,
and there's no offside trap.
I understand now!
Tsubasa was waiting.
He knew that pass
would come to him.
[announcer] This is Nankatsu's
counterattack.
This can't be happening.
That's it Tsubasa.
[wince] Everybody is
counting on you, Tsubasa.
[announcer] Now that
he's regained his strength,
Tsubasa is running
at full speed.
We'll see if
Nankatsu's captain
can score on
Meiwa's goalkeeper.
With no defense
to stop him,
Tsubasa runs straight
towards the goalie,
Ken Wakashimazu,
from Team Meiwa.
[Ken] Damn it all.
I have to stop him
or the captain
won't forgive me.
No matter what
I have to do...
I'll stop any shot.
Keep going, Tsubasa!
You can do it, Nankatsu!
[groaning]
It's hurting.
But...
Genzo and Taro worked hard
to give me this opportunity.
And I won't throw it away.
[Takeshi]
I won't let you through!
I won't let you shoot,
Tsubasa!
I'm counting on you,
Takeshi!
This is going to be
the deciding goal.
That shot will shape
the rest of the match.
[announcer] Tsubasa gets
in position to shoot.
What're you waiting for?
Shoot now!
[grunts]
[announcer] But he's blocked
by Sawada.
Can he break through
that barrier?
[yell]
[announcer]
Tsubasa kicks the ball,
but it looks like
it's moving on its own.
[grunt]
[announcer] The goalkeeper
Wakashimazu
deflects the shot
with his arm by mere chance.
[gasps]
[announcer] But wait,
the ball is bouncing
to the middle of the goal.
Here comes
Nankatsu's goal.
[yelling]
[gasp]
[announcer]
But the ball is rejected
by an incredible kick
from Meiwa's goalkeeper.
Nankatsu's counterattack
- has failed.
-[gasp]
Tsubasa couldn't
outplay Meiwa's goalie.
We have just witnessed
a great save
from the mysterious
goalkeeper.
That was a job well done,
my boy.
Tsubasa...
-Uh...
-Oh yeah...
-They weren't able to score.
-You can do it. Come on now!
-Tsubasa!
-Come on!
Kick the ball!
[Teppei]
This isn't over just yet...
Huh?
As far as I know,
the ball is still in play.
We have to score
on them, guys.
We won't let you get close
to the ball, Nankatsu.
[announcer] Neither team
is leaving it up to chance.
Don't worry.
I'll get the ball back.
[grunts]
[announcer]
Izawa gets the ball back
and passes it to Urabe.
It's our turn.
-Let's go after him.
-[yelling]
-He won't get away from us.
-You won't...
-get...
-through us!
-[scream]
[gasps]
Let's get it back.
-No, it's ours.
[announcer] Who will be the one
to get the pass
from their team?
Will it be Kojiro Hyuga
from Team Meiwa
or Tsubasa Ozora
from Team Nankatsu?
-Nankatsu,
-Oh yeah!
-you guys can do it.
-Come on!
-Don't you give up!
-Go for the goal, Kojiro!
-I saw that!
-Make a goal, Meiwa.
-Come on, you can do it!
[announcer] There's
five minutes on the clock
and the stadium is
vibrating from the uproar.
The ball is once again
in the air.
Which team will
get to the ball first?
It's yours, Captain.
[announcer] Team Meiwa
gets the ball
- and they pass it.
-This can't be!
[announcer] The ball is headed
straight for Hyuga.
It's mine!
[grunt]
[announcer]
Hyuga receives the pass
without a problem.
There's only Misaki
and the goalie
Genzo Wakabayashi to defend.
[Taro]
Kojiro...
[Kojiro]
Taro...
[Kazushige] Huh?
Hey, did you see that?
His name is Taro Misaki
and he's incredible
with the ball.
Look at him.
[gasps]
Wow, you really do
play well.
You're incredible.
Would you mind teaching me
how to dribble like that?
-Please, Misaki.
-Yeah, sure.
-[scoffs]
-Huh?
There's no need for you
to learn
how to dribble like a girl.
-Captain Hyuga!
You won't get anywhere
if you just run in circles
all over the pitch.
-What?
-Huh?
The only way to attack
-is by moving forward!
-[screams]
If someone tries to
get in your path,
just push them
out the way
and show them who's boss.
That's how you should play!
[announcer]
Will Misaki the genius
be able to defend against
Hyuga's raw power?
It's a battle of styles.
[Taro]
I won't back down, Kojiro.
If you want to
push me out of the way,
go ahead and try it.
[Kojiro]
Misaki!
-Don't stop, Big Bro!
-[gasps]
[panting]
[announcer] My eyes
can't believe it.
Misaki goes
straight forward,
but Hyuga manages to
shake right,
- without losing control.
-[gasp]
[gasps]
[announcer]
This is the first time
we've seen Hyuga the Tiger
trying a feint
to fool his adversary.
What a great surprise.
-[grunt]
-[announcer]
What's happening?
-[gasp]
-[announcer]
Hyuga seems to have
lost his balance.
You won't get to shoot.
I will stop you, Hyuga.
[announcer]
Hyuga quickly recovers
-and gets ready to shoot.
-[grunt]
[yelling]
[grunts]
[announcer] And the goalie
Wakabayashi blocks the shot.
[growl]
[yell]
Ah...
My big bro just scored!
[cheering]
-Well done, my love.
-Yeah!
That's right. That's how
it's done, my boy.
[announcer] And Team Meiwa
finally gets a goal.
-Uh...
[announcer] With four minutes
remaining to end the match,
Hyuga manages to
secure their lead.
[growl]
No...he scored.
-Well done, captain!
-We did it!
-Yeah!
[announcer] Would you
look at that?
It's the same pose
Hyuga struck
at the beginning of
the tournament,
signaling his victory.
And today,
he's doing it again.
[Kojiro] I will win
the national tournament!
[narrator] We'll be right back
with Captain Tsubasa.
[narrator]
And we're back.
[cheering]
[announcer] Team Meiwa is
leading the match
- with a goal
-That goal was really
- from Hyuga.
-incredible, Captain.
-We basically won, Captain.
-[announcer]
Now, Team Nankatsu
is losing by one goal.
-[Ken] Yeah.
-Come on!
Well done, Captain.
This match is already ours.
[Roberto]
They're in serious trouble.
But they can still
come back from this.
Nankatsu has Tsubasa,
Misaki, and Wakabayashi
as their three key pillars.
The rest of the squad
are the supporting beams
of the structure.
And Team Meiwa has Hyuga,
Sawada, and Wakashimazu
as their stars.
But the rest of the team
serves as their support.
In this instance,
Takeshi Sawada
and Ken Wakashimazu
were able to stop Tsubasa.
What's worse is that,
in spite of
Nankatsu's attempts,
Meiwa has had more
possession of the ball.
In their last shot,
neither Misaki
nor Wakabayashi
could stop Hyuga.
I hate to admit it,
but after that,
there's no doubt that
Meiwa is way superior
than Nankatsu when
it comes to technique.
What's your plan now,
Tsubasa?
[laughing]
-Yeah, that's right.
-[Tsubasa] Good shot, Hyuga.
-What'd you say?
-Huh?
But the match
isn't over yet.
Don't get too cocky.
Tsubasa...
He's right.
We got all the time
to tie the match.
Just wait and see.
We'll score another goal
on ya.
Yeah.
Listen up, guys,
We've been through
way tougher times
and we've come out winning,
always.
Don't think
you won the match, Meiwa.
Oh, guys.
-[Yuzo] Wakabayashi...
-Huh?
Here, you should use
my gloves.
Thank you so much for these,
Morisaki.
I've been wondering...
Your leg...
Tell me,
are you injured again?
Do you feel pain?
Don't worry,
I feel perfectly fine.
This is really nothing
but a small setback
in the match.
There's still
four minutes left.
I know we can still
win this.
That's true.
It's just like Tsubasa
said earlier,
the match isn't over
just yet.
I know we can
come out on top.
You really have a great team
behind you, Tsubasa.
Mhm.
Listen up, guys.
And pay attention.
Nankatsu will come
and counterattack.
We have to defend.
-Yeah!
You won't take it
away from me.
Victory is mine.
I put my pride behind
to be able to score
that goal.
That last goal
was a demonstration
that Kojiro Hyuga has
matured since last time.
What?
Until today, Hyuga had
only used his strength
to make his way through
everyone on the pitch.
But this time,
he decided to do away
with his pride
and maneuver to try
and score the goal,
which gave his team
the advantage.
I'm wondering...
if Tsubasa can recover
from this.
[announcer] This match has
only four minutes remaining.
Will Nankatsu be able to
tie the scoreboard in time?
[whistle]
Let's give it our all,
Misaki.
Yeah.
Listen to me,
don't you let
the golden duo of twerps
-get close to Ken.
-Yeah!
[announcer] The players from Mei
rush rapidly to cover
- Tsubasa and Misaki.
-[grunt] [gasp]
[grunt]
[announcer]
Tsubasa passes the ball.
Now that Tsubasa and Taro
are both injured,
we have to help them out
more than ever.
-Yeah!
[announcer] Team Nankatsu
is betting
everything in this play
and they're sprinting
towards the goal.
Come on, Nankatsu!
You can do it!
Just give it your all, guys!
Nankatsu, you have to score.
[announcer]
The crowd is going wild.
The stadium is shaking.
Let's see if Nankatsu
can do well under pressure.
It's their last
opportunity.
[grunts]
In any other match,
I could've scored
from this distance.
But with their goalkeeper...
it won't be that easy.
[announcer] Tsubasa shoots
a pass to his right
and Izawa
is there to get it.
Let's see if he's
bold enough
to shoot to the goal.
[Ken] Go ahead and shoot
if you dare.
[Mamoru] [pants]
It's useless.
I can't shoot
from this distance.
[pants]
Huh?
Hajime!
[grunt]
I could try,
but it'd be a big risk.
It's no use.
I can't shoot from here.
There's no way. That goalie
would catch my shot.
Here!
[announcer]
Taki runs the ball back.
[Taro] No.
If we keep hesitating,
time will run out.
[announcer] There's only
three minutes left.
Nankatsu has to
do something and now.
No!
We're very close,
but none of our forwards
have the guts
to try and shoot.
You won't get through.
[announcer] And here comes
Meiwa's defense.
What will they do
against Misaki the genius?
[Taro]
Meiwa's defense is strong,
but if we don't shoot,
we won't be able to score.
In that case,
we can only count on you
to do it, Tsubasa.
Tsubasa,
you have to shoot the ball.
Do it, don't hesitate.
Tsubasa, we have no time.
You're the only one
who really has
a chance to score.
You have to shoot it
for all of us.
Just shoot it.
Taro...
You guys!
Okay, here I go!
[grunt]
[announcer]
Tsubasa's in the air.
This is incredible.
-Try me.
-[grunt]
-[announcer] It's the famous
overhead kick from Tsubasa.
- Let's see if he can make
-[yell]
a miracle happen
and score the goal to tie.
[yelling]
Go in!
-It has to go in.
-Stop it, Wakashimazu.
It's mine!
[announcer] The goalkeeper
deflects it.
Nankatsu couldn't score.
[gasp]
That was a great save, Ken.
[grunting]
It's all mine.
You'll never score on me.
[announcer] The goalie
clears the ball swiftly.
Would you look at that.
Hyuga's going for the ball.
[Kojiro]
I'll score another goal.
[announcer]
There's only one minute
- on the clock.
-[gasps]
If Hyuga can score
another goal,
Team Meiwa will have
a secure victory.
I got it.
[grunt]
-[Genzo] [grunt]
-[gasp]
Impossible!
Wakabayashi?!
[announcer]
Unheard of!
Wakabayashi's
out of his goal
and recovers the ball.
-That's it, Wakabayashi!
You have got to be
kidding me.
[announcer]
The star goalkeeper
is making his way
to the opponent's goal.
[panting]
[announcer] There's less than
one minute,
and this is Nankatsu's
last opportunity.
They have to
make this play.
- There's no more time.
-[Mr. Mikami]
Genzo...
[announcer] Wakabayashi is betti
everything on this play.
If the ball is taken,
it'll mean their end.
What a great closing
for a spectacular match.
[Genzo] I already let Hyuga
score two goals on me.
And that's why
I have to score now.
All of the team is
counting on me right now.
[announcer] And the goalkeeper
from Nankatsu
gets ready to shoot.
Here it goes.
[grunt]
[announcer] Team Meiwa's
defense can't stop him.
The star goalkeeper is
putting all his chips
on this shot.
What excitement,
ladies and gentlemen.
A shot from that distance
is way too easy.
The ball's mine.
-Go ahead, Misaki!
-Yeah!
[grunt]
[announcer] Misaki jumps in
for a header
and redirects the ball.
What is happening?
That's impossible.
-Well done.
-Well played, Misaki.
[gasp]
[announcer] The ball is
going well wide.
-Yeah, he missed!
-They missed
-their last chance.
-[gasp]
This can't be.
-[grunt]
-[announcer]
Wait a minute,
Tsubasa dives for the ball,
but he won't make it.
He needs to be closer.
[Tsubasa]
Everybody counted on me,
and I missed
my overhead kick.
But Wakabayashi did his best
to give us this last
opportunity to score.
I can't disappoint them.
This time, I will score
even if it's
the last thing I do.
[announcer]
Tsubasa places his hand
- and pushes his leg
-[grunt]
to make a flip.
- And he strikes the ball
-[grunt]
with a miraculous kick.
[gasps]
Go in!
[announcer]
Tsubasa shoots.
What a goal!
And Nankatsu
ties the match.
Tsubasa scores
in the last minute.
Now Meiwa and Nankatsu
have drawn 2 to 2.
We got to tie the match.
-[laughs]
-Yeah!
-That was amazing, Tsubasa!
-What a great shot!
-Incredible.
-They tied.
And to think
we were that close
to winning the match.
I should've known that
Misaki would pass it
to Tsubasa.
-Yeah, you did it!
-You're amazing!
-Tsubasa!
-That's right.
We can still win this.
-[chuckle]
-[announcer]
This is a goal
that we will never forget!
- Nankatsu's trident
-[chuckle]
managed to score
that miraculous goal.
- Despite their injuries,
-I was a little worried
- they did the impossible
-for a second.
- and scored the tying
-I got scared.
goal of the match.
[growling]
Damn it all...
If I would've stopped
Wakabayashi,
none of this
would've happened.
And we would've
won the match.
[whistle]
[announcer]
And the referee signals
the end of the match.
However,
it won't be over
until we determine
the winner.
And because this is
the finals of
the tournament,
there'll be
no penalty kicks.
After a ten minute break,
we'll start with extra time.
Five minutes
for the first half
and five minutes
for the second half.
If neither team can score
within that time limit,
there'll be no other choice
but to declare both teams
the winners.
This is a rule implemented
for the youth tournament.
So they tied the match,
after all.
We're so sorry, Coach.
If you gave it your all
out there,
then you shouldn't
apologize.
But if you didn't do that...
then I can't forgive you,
after all.
-Huh?
Soccer is like that.
It's unpredictable.
That's why we have to
take advantage of the lead
we have.
Pay attention.
I want you to play with
the same determination
and surely we'll win.
-Yeah!
[sighs]
[Shiroyama] Taro, let me
see your leg, please.
[wince]
It'll be best
if you don't play anymore.
I don't want to risk
your health.
[Mr. Misaki]
Son, how are you feeling?
-Huh?
[Taro]
Dad...
Tell me,
can you keep playing?
If it hurts a lot,
I'd rather you rest
in the bench.
I'm doing fine.
I can keep playing.
Dad, listen to me.
You'd never leave
one of your paintings
half way done, right?
It's the same.
I don't plan on
abandoning my team.
This means the world to me.
I understand.
[grunting]
[Mr. Mikami]
I'll take care of his leg.
Huh?
[coach]
Mr. Mikami.
There's no way around it.
We'll have to
immobilize your leg.
But...
I don't plan on
stopping you this time.
I want you to win
the finals.
Yeah.
[Roberto] Before,
when I'd get injured,
my manager would give me
this massage
to ease the pain.
By the way, that last shot
you just made...
left me awestruck.
It was just a reflex,
wasn't it?
Mhm.
The good thing is that
your injury
isn't as serious
as everyone's else's.
And don't forget...
that now you have to win.
I'm sure we're going to win,
Roberto.
I'm feeling very motivated.
I'm gonna go with you
to Brazil.
Okay, follow it through.
For now, just concentrate
on winning.
That's what's
most important now.
Yeah!
[cheers]
[announcer] The temperature
is rising,
ladies and gentlemen.
And these young players
will have to play
under an overwhelming
heat.
Now, the extra time
for Nankatsu
and Meiwa's match
is about to begin.
You can do it, honey.
Son, you got this.
You can do it, Big Brother.
This time,
I won't let victory
slip through my fingers.
[Tsubasa]
We won't lose to Meiwa.
We will be the champions.
You can do it, Nankatsu.
[announcer] Everything
comes down to
these ten minutes.
And Team Meiwa
- starts with the ball.
-[whistle]
The extra time starts,
and of course,
Hyuga the Tiger is
leading the pack.
Come on, guys.
We gotta take the ball
away from him.
[announcer] Team Nankatsu
doesn't waste any time.
They're getting closer
to steal the ball.
Hyuga passes it
to Sawada.
Here.
[announcer] Sawada passes it
back to Hyuga.
Meiwa's captain used to
play as if he were alone,
but now, he's playing
with excellent teamwork.
Kojiro...
[panting]
[Kojiro]
Now that he's injured,
I'll be able to score
on him easily.
-No!
-[grunt]
-[announcer]
Hyuga stops.
Looks like he'll try to
make it from that distance.
Try and block this.
[announcer] It's a shot from
outside the penalty area.
Stop him, Wakabayashi.
[announcer] The star goalkeeper
is injured.
Will he be able to
stop the shot?
[grunting]
[announcer]
He... He's got it!
Genzo Wakabayashi
stops the ball.
No!
[grunt]
Wakabayashi,
what a great save!
Hyuga...
Even if I have to
break my leg,
you won't score on me
and we won't lose to you.